Introduction

Problem context/hook
As well established business always tends to grow.
And grow is highly tied to feedback speed, specifically in digital marketing.
In other words to find a working advertisment strategy it is essential to move fast. 
Currently, on the market we have many AI-solutions that helps to build landing pages to speed up the process.
However, most of them are producting opaque, unreliable code, which afterwards needs to be additionally tested.
This project tries to close the gap of producing dynamically landing pages for business,
while preserving reliability.

aim + template declaration
The goal of this project is to develop and evaluate a multimodal AI orchestration system
capable of generating targeted frontend landing pages from natural voice instructions.
It satisfies project template: CM3020 Artificial Intelligence template, Project Idea 1, "Orchestrating AI Models to Achieve a Goal.",
by utilizing models that are working with speech recognition, text generation and image processing. 
System would represent constraint-aware orchestration that turns voice instructions into validated,
editable and reusable Frontend landing pages, preserving developer's control over quality,
usability and consistency.
Voice recognition element reduces workload over users and allows to communicate ideas directly.

Motivation + framing that matters
Currently, small-businesses are limited to explore different marketing strategies and to succeed,
they require to hire a significant teams (engineering, marketing, product). 
Modern infrastructure often looks like:
CMS-baked web-site, CMS-manager, wired to analytics services, running ads through digital platforms.
Such setup makes it difficult to test new approaches (such as new product, pricing strategy, positioning) faster
and requires additional investments to do such testing. While, on the market there are AI solutions capable of
generating web sites from scratch, they are usually lack of reliability, consistency 
and require high maintenance costs afterwards. Suggested solution helps small-businesses 
to significantly decrease investitions into technical aspect of creating new pages by allowing build them on fly.
Compared to traditional CMS approach it provides flexibility and content creation automation,
while compared to AI-generators it provides robustness. It is a sweet spot between speed and quality. 


Objectives
Objectives of this project are: 
1. Design and develop framework for a multimodal AI orchestration system
capable of generating targeted frontend landing pages from natural voice instructions.
2. Evaluate framework accordingly to state-of-the-art evaluation methods for the agentic AI-systems.
3. Analyze and select modals that would be capable of deliverying such a task, justifying selection of each model, 
confirm selection by theoretical (papers) and practical (experiments) data points. 
4. Collect users feedback and compose valuable conclusions about robustness, reliability, usability and accuracy of such a system.
5. Provide comprhensive evaluation in comparisson with traditional CMS and AI-generation applications.

Scope/Boundaries
Project is providing an orchestration framework,
which could be easily extended to complete a new tasks within natural voice instructions related to marketing activity. 
However, in this project, implementation would be limited to an aspects of landing page generation within a predefined library of components.
Because FE isn't a main objective of this project, we would develop only 5 components (multiple variants/layouts of some of them, such as hero component),
to illustrate that generic approach is working. Nevertheless, framework provides scalability in terms of quantity of components (library of thousands) 
and additional integrations (Analytics, Ads, etc.). Such extensions wouldn't be covered as a part of the project.

Approach overview
Pipeline of the task would look like a loop (figure 1), with a conditional end. When customer agrees to publish new page, loop would be considered as over.
Voice command parsed to extract an intent, intent is mapped to a high level action (i.e., create new page + args, edit existing page + args).
High level actions would be splitted by a planner model into smaller well-defined atomic agentic operations 
(e.g., create schema, update schema, add copy, pick image from the library, publish, etc.). Both atomic agentic operations (AAO) and high level actions (HLA)
would be extensible configurations.

Report roadmap
In the next chapter of this report, literature review would be covered to better understand existing approaches and state-of-the-art implementations.
Evaluation methodologies and previous evalutions of other systems would be used as a reference/baseline to evaluate proposed orchestration framework.
Research gap would be clearly idenitfied.
In the design chapter, model selections (papers + experiments) would be covered,
together with domain and users, system architecture work plan and evaluation/testing plan. Success criteria would be also clarified.
Chapter 4 would cover prototype scope, implementation, demonstration and evaluation of prototype. Limitations and future improvements are also covered.